What does WACC stand for?
WACC stands for the weighted average cost of capital.
What is the pure play apprach?
The pure play approac is a use of a WACC that is unique to a particular project, based on companies in similar LOB.
What is expected return?
Expected return is a return on a risky asset expected in the future.
What is a portfolio?
A portfolio is a group of assets such as stocks and bonds held by an investor.
What is a beta coefficient?
A beta cofficient is an amount of systematic risky present in a particular risky asset that's relative to that in an average risky asset.
What does SML stand for?
SML stands for security marker line.
What is SML or security market line?
SML is a positive sloped line displaying the relationship between expected return and beta.
What is market risk premium?
Market risk premium is the risk premium on a market portfolio.
What does CAPM stand for?
CAPM stands for capital asset pricing model.
Whats the cost of capital?
Cost of capital is the minimum required return on a new investment.
What are the four basic areas of finance?
The four basic areas of finance are corporate finance, investments, finance intitutions and international finance.
What is capital budgeting?
Capital budgeting is the process of planning and managing a firm's long-term investment.
What is capital structure?
Capital structure is the mixture of debt and equity maintained by a firm.
What is a sole proprietorship?
A sole proprietorship is a business owned by a single individual.
What is a partenrship in terms of a business?
A partnership is a business formed by two or more individuals or entities.
What is a corporation?
A corporation is a business formed by two or more individuals or entities.
What is a stakeholder?
A stakeholder is someone other than a stockholder or creditor who potentially has a claim on the cash flows on the firm.
What is a balance sheet?
A balance sheet is a financial statement showing a firms accouting value on a particular date.
What is an income statement?
An income statement is a fincancial statement summarizing a firm's performance over a period of time.
What's an average tax rate?
An average tax rate is the total taxes paid divided by total taxable income.
What's marginal tax rate?
Marginal tax rate is the amount of tax payable on the next dollar earned.
What is a common-size statement?
A common-size statement is a standardized financial statement presenting all items in presenting all items in percentage terms.
What is a financial ratio?
A finical ratio is relationships determined from a firm's financial information and used for comparison purposes.
What does SIC code stand for?
SIC code is a standard industrial classification code.
What's the purpose of a SIC code?
The SIC code is used by the U.S. government to classify a firm by its type of business operations.
What does FV stand for?
FV is the future value.
What is future value?
Future value is the amount an investment is worth after one or more periods.
What is compounding?
Compounding is the process of accumulating interest in an investment over time to earn more interest.
What is interest on interest?
Interest on interest is the interest earned on the reinvestment of previous interest payments.
What is a compound interest?
A compound interest is the interest earned on both the initial principal and the interest reinvested from prior periods.
What is simple interest?
Simple interest is interest earned only on the original principle amoun invested.
What does PV stand for?
PV stands for present value.
What is present value?
Present value is the current value of future cash flows discounted at the appropriate discount rate.
What is a type of perpetuity?
A type of perpetuity is a consol.
What is an annuity in which the cash flows continue forever.,
What does APR stand for?
APR is an annual percentage rate.
What is annual percentage rate?
APR is the interest rate charged per period multiplied by the number of periods per year.
What is a pure discount loan?
A loan that the borrower receives money today and repays a single lump sum at some time in the future. 
What is an interst-only loan?
An interest only loan has a repayment plan that calls for the borrower to pay interest each period and to repay the entire principle at some point in the future.
What is an amortized loan?
An amortized loan is a pure discount or interst-only, the principle is repaid all at once.
A stated interest payment made on a bond is known as?
A coupon.
The principle amount of a bond that is repaid at the end of the term is known as?
The face value.
The annual coupon divided by the face value of a bond is known as?
The coupon rate.
The date on which the principle amount of a bond is paid is known as?
The matrutiy.
What does YTM stand for?
YTM is the yield to maturity.
A bond's annual coupon divided by its price is known as?
The current yield.
What is a zero coupon bond?
A zero coupon is a bond that makes no coupon payments and thus is initially priced at a deep discount.
What is a divident yeild?
A dividend is stocks expected cash divided by its current price.
What is a capital gains yield?
A capital gain yield is the dividend growth rate or the rate at whic hthe value of an investment grows.
What does DCF stand for?
A DCF is the discouynted cash value.

